Revised Refactor Fuel Information Related Vehicle Data (#861)
smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution: proposals/0256-Refactor-Fuel-Information-Related-Vehicle-Data.md

            The estimate range in KM the vehicle can travel based on fuel level and consumption.
        </description>
    </param>

> +   <param name="level" type="Float" minvalue="-6" maxvalue="10000" mandatory="false" since="X.x">

Reviewer: I think this needs to be 1000000 per the [Steering Committee decision](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/issues/854#issuecomment-550372152)

Author: Please see [comment](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/issues/854#issuecomment-549878857), `level` is 10000. I believe when you were noting down in meeting then we agreed to this comment. 10000 is anyways an overkill for percentage itself. But since you have noted down 1000000 as official decision from meeting, i can update it to that still. Please let me know.

Reviewer: We should update to the official decision from the meeting, thanks!

Author: Done

</struct>
```

#### Update the following parameters in these function requests:
* `SubscribeVehicleData`
* `UnsubscribeVehicleData`
* `GetVehicleData`

```xml	
<param name="fuelLevel" type="Boolean" mandatory="false" deprecated="true" since="X.x">

> 	<description>The fuel level in the tank (percentage). This parameter is deprecated starting API level X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<description>The fuel level in the tank (percentage). This parameter is deprecated starting RPC Spec X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>
```

Author: Done

</param>
<param name="fuelLevel_State" type="Boolean" mandatory="false" deprecated="true" since="X.x">

> 	<description>The fuel level state. This parameter is deprecated starting API level X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<description>The fuel level state. This parameter is deprecated starting RPC Spec X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>
```

Author: Done

</param>
<param name="fuelRange" type="Boolean" mandatory="false" since="5.0">
	<description>
		The fuel type, estimated range in KM, fuel level/capacity and fuel level state for the vehicle.
		See struct FuelRange for details.
	</description>
</param>
```

#### Update the following parameters in these function responses:
* `SubscribeVehicleData`
* `UnsubscribeVehicleData`

```xml	
<param name="fuelLevel" type="VehicleDataResult" mandatory="false" deprecated="true" since="X.x">

> 	<description>The fuel level in the tank (percentage). This parameter is deprecated starting API level X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<description>The fuel level in the tank (percentage). This parameter is deprecated starting RPC Spec X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>
```

Author: Done

</param>
<param name="fuelLevel_State" type="VehicleDataResult" mandatory="false" deprecated="true" since="X.x">

> 	<description>The fuel level state. This parameter is deprecated starting API level X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<description>The fuel level state. This parameter is deprecated starting RPC Spec X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>
```

Author: Done

</param>
<param name="fuelRange" type="VehicleDataResult" mandatory="false" since="5.0">
	<description>
		The fuel type, estimated range in KM, fuel level/capacity and fuel level state for the vehicle.
		See struct FuelRange for details.
	</description>
</param>
```

#### Update the following parameters in these function responses:
* `GetVehicleData`
* `OnVehicleData`

```xml	
<param name="fuelLevel" type="Float" minvalue="-6" maxvalue="106" mandatory="false" deprecated="true" since="X.x">

> 	<description>The fuel level in the tank (percentage). This parameter is deprecated starting API level X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<description>The fuel level in the tank (percentage). This parameter is deprecated starting RPC Spec X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>
```

Author: Done

</param>
<param name="fuelLevel_State" type="ComponentVolumeStatus" mandatory="false" deprecated="true" since="X.x">

> 	<description>The fuel level state. This parameter is deprecated starting API level X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<description>The fuel level state. This parameter is deprecated starting RPC Spec X.x.x, please see fuelRange.</description>
```

Author: Done

            The estimate range in KM the vehicle can travel based on fuel level and consumption.
        </description>
    </param>

> +   <param name="level" type="Float" minvalue="-6" maxvalue="1000" mandatory="false">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+   <param name="level" type="Float" minvalue="-6" maxvalue="1000000" mandatory="false">
```

Author: Please see [comment](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/issues/854#issuecomment-549878857), `level` is 10000. I believe when you were noting down in meeting then we agreed to this comment. 10000 is anyways an overkill for percentage itself. But since you have noted down 1000000 as official decision from meeting, i can update it to that still. Please let me know.

Reviewer: We should update to the official decision from the meeting, thanks!

Author: Done
